Another important one that I think
about too, is I talked about
building trust as a manager,
I wanna hear feedback from my team.
And it can be harsh or critical
feedback to like, I wanna hear it.
I'm not perfect,
I'm not gonna do things well all the time.
And I think I am just as much
a part of the team as anyone else.
And I wanna hear feedback
on how I can improve and
I wanna have those candid conversations
with folks, but I think it's hard.
You need to be able to really
maybe go an extra mile of setting
up that vulnerability or
trust with your team members.
Cuz no matter what,
there is a little bit of power dynamic,
and we need to recognize that, right?
Your manager can hire and
fire you and that's tough, right?
And you need to know that and
so you don't wanna feel like,
there's gonna be repercussions,
if I give my manager feedback.
I'm not gonna have repercussions if
someone gives me feedback and, so
I want them to feel comfortable
to come with me that.
So there again,
same as how I approach giving feedback,
is I'm gonna assume best intent.
I've had some really bad feedback,
not even from direct reports, but
even from peers where like, it was awful.
It was just not helpful feedback,
but I looked at it and go,
I'm gonna assume best intent, and
there's probably something there.
Okay, what could I have done better?
And I might just pull in tease
out something out of that and
that's where being an active listener
can help to is have curiosity,
ask questions like, well,
what do you mean by that?
How could I have shown up better?
What would you have liked to see?
Sometimes people don't land
the feedback well, and so I think you,
instead of being dismissive of it, should
take an approach of like, I'm listening.
You don't have to agree with
all the feedback either, but
showing that you're listening is huge.
Yeah, you don't have to agree
with every piece of feedback.
But I do think that there are times where
even when I haven't fully agreed with it,
it might have been the delivery,
there's probably something there, and
me just kind of pulling it out a little
bit more, even with the person.
Or maybe with others on the team, like,
have you seen me show up like this?
Is this something I could do better?
It helps me.
It helps me be better and
I think that's better for the team.
Let's cover some things that maybe that
you should avoid when receiving feedback.
Try not to take it personally.
I know it's hard.
Even when you get that really tough
feedback and someone delivers it really
poorly, let's assume best intent and avoid
becoming defensive or making excuses.
That's tough cuz sometimes people don't
have the full picture of why a decision
was made or whatever that may be, maybe
you could have explained that better.
There's always something that was there
and so you wanna try and say, yeah,
I could have done better.
And don't interrupt or argue.
I've seen this happen, I hope I haven't
done this, but I've definitely seen it in
like peer feedback sessions where
someone will get really defensive and
kind of interrupt the person
before they're even able
to finish giving the feedback and
arguing, that's not gonna look good.
It's not gonna build trust with your team.
You wanna engage feedback from your teams,
so oftentimes I've shared ideas for
things if I wanna invite
feedback I might say,
I wanna be better at
how I'm communicating.
I want my ideas to come
across clear with you all.
Can you give me feedback on that?
If I'm in a team meeting, I'm saying
something that didn't land well, tell me.
Actually, you can tell me in front
of the whole team, go for it.
And then this came up earlier,
thank people for the feedback, right?
Thank them.
Oftentimes I've even surfaced
that in team meetings,
like so-and-so gave me this feedback,
it was really helpful.
So it's inviting more of that.